Add First Steps topic (#7512)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/First Steps/07 Style the App.md

DevExtreme offers over 40 [predefined themes](/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/Predefined_Themes/) for component styling. You can also create a custom theme with our [ThemeBuilder](https://devexpress.github.io/ThemeBuilder/).

> As a step of the tutorial, apply the `dx.light` theme and add CSS styles to the components.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "_As a step_ of the tutorial"? Which step do you mean?

Author: I meant something like "now, as another step of this tutorial, do this".

Reviewer: I understand now. Can we update it to:

```suggestion
In the next step of the tutorial, apply the `dx.light` theme and add CSS styles to the components.
```

        <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn3.devexpress.com/jslib/minor_25_1/css/dx.light.css" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="index.css" />
        <script type="text/javascript" src="https://cdn3.devexpress.com/jslib/minor_25_1/js/dx.all.js"></script>
    </head>

##### Angular

To apply a theme, open the `angular.json` file and reference a stylesheet:

    <!-- tab: angular.json -->
    {
      "projects": {
        "ProjectName": {
          "architect": {
            "build": {
              "options": {
                "styles": [
                  "node_modules/devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css",
                  "src/styles.css"
                ],
                ...
              },
              ...
            },
            ...
          }
        },
        ...
      },
      ...
    }

##### Vue

To apply a theme, import a stylesheet where DevExtreme components are used or in the main application file:

    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

##### React

To apply a theme, import a stylesheet where DevExtreme components are used or in the main application file:

    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';
    
---

> If you want to apply theme colors and typography settings to all page elements (and not only to DevExtreme UI components), add a `dx-viewport` class to the `<body>` tag of the index HTML file of your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to apply theme colors and typography settings to all page elements (and not only to DevExtreme UI components), add a `dx-viewport` class to the `<body>` tag of your application's index.html file.
```

> To configure specific styles for the components, apply CSS:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure component styles manually, use CSS:
```
